The first exercise is just
installing a screen reader and
getting comfortable navigating around.
So, again, I put the links in chat for
where the site is, I'm gonna
click on here just to show folks.
So, the idea for the exercise is
we have this form down here, and
what I would like folks to do if they're
interested is to install a screen reader.
Turn it on, dim the brightness on
your monitor or look away, and
with just the audio cues
from the screen reader,
can you figure out what each field in
this form is and can you enter in there?
So you can use tab to go through each one,
right, and when you tab through them
with your screen reader on you should
get some context for what goes in there.
So, yeah, let's take a break here,
anybody have any questions before
we get started on the exercise and
then we'll meet back up and
I'll do the exercise with everybody.
Is it possible to analyze a user uploaded
image to make dynamic alternative text,
absolutely, it is, but
I think both Twitter and
Facebook do this at least Facebook does.
They use I actually don't know
how it works, but I think they
have like some machine learning that
runs on the images as you upload them.
And does that they even do things
like I noticed recently if you upload
an image with like hot button words
in it like Coronavirus vaccine,
they will put their interstitial
warning that says, hey,
check out the official docs,
even if it's just an image.
So, yeah, a lot of the big companies will
automate automatically generate alt text
dynamically, which is really cool.
But it's also worth
noting like on Twitter,
you can enable the ability to
override that with your own alt text.
So, as you upload your image,
you can put alt text on it,
which is kind of cool, well, yeah,
but yeah, it's a great question.
So yeah, is it is it different a div with
a background image versus an image tag,
it absolutely is.
So, the screen readers will view the image
tag as content that needs to be read
aloud.
They will ignore CSS background images,
so,
if you have a div with a background image,
it will not read on a screen reader.
So yeah, it absolutely is a difference.